3
You can improve the survey by asking students what their preferred meal to add to menu would be, if they were to choose one.
bosco sticks are the best lunch 
Don't make it mandatory to get a fruit. A lot of the fruits like apples and carrots just get thrown in the trash. Some people like fruits, and I think it should be optional.
Idk if you can still do this but last year we had some pesto cheese filled ravioli I think? Would love to see it back, by far better than any other item 
Bring back the mediterranean chicken thigh with pita
Make quality food and cook the rice better
Alright
none
Please no grilled cheeses.  And label the kind of meat that's on the food
The lines are so long. I don’t have enough time to get food and also have time with my friends
Less weird fruits and maybe a meatball sandwich type of thing?
Reduce processed foods 
please please do something abt the wait time, it takes half of lunch just to get food
Please include more vegetarian options. Only parfaits sandwiches are a secondary option for us to eat if the main lunch is gone. 
BRING CHOCOLATE MILK BACK
Not sure if I missed it but no where does the survey explain what the number scale means. I assumed 1 is worst and 5 is best?
cheeseburgers and chicken sandwich are yum
Better vegetarian options bc most of it is just salads bread and cheese 
I like how we have a wider selection of meals coming in as a Freshman. The school lunch here is definitely better than my middle school lunch, but I just wish some of the bread wasn't still so dry, which makes it look clearly like it was microwaved. Also, my favorite lunch item would be Bosco Sticks.
Less sodium in the meals
You can make sure the meals have no artificial colors, are friendly to gluten-free and vegetarian people, there are meals with no soy, and that there are low carb meals.
Maybe include mixed nuts.
Roast chicken is so good that I feel like I could live to be 120 years old after every meal. If I could get married to food, I would definitely choose roast chicken
The roast chicken is really delicious, but the portion is small!!! I hope to give one more.
More lines and quality food. Less food waste
Add more vegetarian items
maybe make the trash can's can to the recycling bin bigger because the containers that the salads come in don't fit in there, so a bunch of plastic just goes to the trash can instead lol
A lot of people prefer the apple slices over the whole apples. Also, when are the other sandwich options coming back? Beef and cheese is good but the others were good too and had more vegetables.
Need a new menu
IHMS had Cheeseburgers and chicken tenders that were good
Improve the vegetarian options, there is a lot of variety in meat but the vegetarian is mostly the same everyday.
During lunch there is a lot of pushing in the lunch lines which can be rather annoying and even seemed to cause people to almost get stuck in the door. The rice could also use some salt as it is very bland.
